LCP-2499 Added action for Swagger spec publishing (#14)
detroit-labs/labs-cloud-actions: build-and-push-swagger-application/README.md

This action packages and pushes a Swagger spec to Google Container Registry. In order to update the running deployment to the latest image, please use the
[update GKE deployment](../update-gke-deployment/action.yaml) action.

## Setting up your Swagger spec

This action allows you to specify the location of your Swagger spec inside your repo. By default, it looks for a folder called `swagger` with a root spec file called `spec.yaml` inside.

## Including this action in your workflow

To use this action in your project's workflow please include the following lines of code as a step to the `jobs` section:

```yaml

> - name: Build and push app to Google Container Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Build and push Swagger spec to Google Container Registry
```
